hey i am participating in a hackathone, where i have to build the project, in that our team has decided that project.

in that project we are building the that the user who use that platform, who is learning from youtube, now user wanted to check that how much they have learned, for that our platform will provide the solution, where user will come with Youtube Video link and past it in the quiz generator, from that video user will select the no of question, the question are basicallay on the mcq type. then he enter, the platform will generate the quiz and user will give the test and check his learning which he/she learned from Youtube. Our prime focus feature is that to generate the quiz and user will give the test.

now we wanted some additional feature, like when person hit the generate quiz, it will provide the quiz, with that explanation also if the user wanted to see the explanation of the question with answer it can see.
with this we also wanted to give te Flash Cards and whole video sumarization in short and simple way.
Also when the Transcript is genertae=ted of the youtub video, it wil also generate the time stamp, so that when the user question get wrong, then he can see explanation or se the video where the question is discussed in the video with the help of time stamp it will generate the link with help of time step then user will redirect to that part of the video.
also we are going to use the Youtube_API_Key for the youtube video recomendation, after he or she give the test, in that what happen that, suppose user give the test on some x topic and now we wanted to recommned what to learn next, for that we are using the Youtube recomendation.
we are planning to recommend on based on llm, so llm will generate the keywords next recomended video keywords from current video topics, with the help of youtbe api will be done.
this is main focus.

now, we wanted the feature of generating the question from the prompt, like user will give the Topic name, difficulty level and no of question etc. and it will generate the quiz, other functionality like the youtube video generation, axcept video redirect same as one more feature also that, to generat the quiz from pdf file of document, and other functinality like same and without adding the feature of video redirect.

these are the main things, okay.

now we will be using the openAI api, quiz generation and it will generate it. also we are using the langchain, langgraph and langsmith, use the current and robust libarrie sna dnfeature and etc.


also we wanted to integrate the feature or butten thet gnerate more question after generating the queiz, for that to not generat the repetitain question, we will use the langgraph memory for history management and for not to generat the qepetiation question.

all this things will be dependdnt on Our LLM and Performance of langchain, langgraph, youtube Youtube_API_Key.

for this to connnect this with fronend we are using the fast api.


for this i wanted to generat the firsoff all directory, sub-directory, modeles for requirments.txt, env file sturcture and whetever wanted more from youside and you think this will require then add it, i wanted generate it in very quiz of 24 hours hackathone of 4 members people of team.

if you need extra information, kindly ask and design this things and code for whole function, inter importing with correct name, modular coding, don't miss anything okay.

we are also addiing the one more feature called context, in that wha happens the user will give the raw text and based on that it will generate the quiz, it should be enooupg though to generate the question. for that we will give the minimum context size foe generate the no of question as per the user input.

so we have totally 4 features okay.
1. Quiz generation from Youtube link
2. Quiz generation from PDf(or any document).
3. Quiz generation on the Prompt(Topic or senetence), it will generate the llm by input based.
4. Quiz generation on Context which is bigger paragraph and from that user paragraph.

we have to implement the Validation for this abobve feature from python side like if youtube link feature is used then only youtube link is validate not other text or anything.

in that project, keep in mind that this platform is only for the Learning purpose and study material so if the topic is outside of this, then it suggest validation or error or something so that froned will respond.

one more thing we going for the quiz generation in Three languages called English, Hinfi, Gujarati.
if user will give the gujarati study material or hinfi or what ever it will generat the quiz in that specific language.
we are thinking that we will give the option as user input to generate the quiz based on language inpu also so if the user give the english video then user can generate the quiz in any language from the above language decided.
also that if user will giev the input of hardness so the llm will generate the question based on that like if user give the input easy or medium or Hard so should be distinct between them and varify the requirment of hardnes. means if the user give the input of easy the so the question should be generated easy, if medium so medium vise versa like that.

also we are giving the three option for the generating the quiz:
1. MCQ based 
2. True False
3. Fill in the Blancks

this above three feature also will be taken while taking user prompt, and according to that flash card should be genarated. and one more in the true False if the question is False it should be give the True False card okay.
think from your side also.

all the types of validation should be followed, the accuracy and content accuracy should be perfect.

make sure that it should not be Inrelevant topic like video, promot, context and document.


also add the youtube video link for the each question with time stamp so when user subbmit the question and it the user get wrong some question for that wrong question the link should be integrated and fetched to the fronend so that user can go and see that video from that time.

make sure that question should be unique and not be repetated and also add that is suppose the video content is less like in that there can be max question generation will 4 and if use give the input to generate the 5 question the it will show some text that "more question will not be generated from this video or pdf or content" after generating those four possible question.

And while generating the summary, so it would be more in detail and long and according to content so if the conten it 100% so the sumary should be 25% to 50% according to the length of contet.

for the PDF upload, when user wil upload the pdf, the maximum size should be 2MB, add those validation also.


One more Problem is here that if the video content is out of thses three language then it should also return that this language is not accepting, add those validation also.


ALso there is problem called if the video has not transcrpt availabe so in this condition we will use the python pytube library to extract the Audio first and then trsncribe the audio to text using the OpenAI Model of transcrption generaton from speech to text. in that we have to manage the Time stamp that wise so manage it.


can we do the Youtube video suggestion based on the Quiz score, so example if the user will give the quiz test of 10 question, if he get the 5 question correct, so it will suggest some video accoring to tha you study this topic of video more, or if user score 7 or 8 or 9 or 10, so it will suhggest the next topic based on that to lern the next topic. this would be decided by llm.

make sure the LLM plays the major in this project so make sure to use perfectly and it should work and not get crashed something, keep in mind this above things and generate the code file structure and evrything.

for you kind information this is my part in this project so you have to work on this, for you kind information, the fron end part will be done i React and backend in DotNet technolgy this is just for the refernce.

and if you think any additional feature or something we can add or enhance then you can suggest and i will think on that. so read this contet carefully and giev the best things with using the modular Programming.